# NAME: FileSystemStatistics
# AUTHOR: Piotr Markowicz 
# TASK: Create the application that will analyze and show statistics of specified directory that will handle recursive directories. It should print number of files and total number of lines (might as well count non-empty and empty lines). Provide unit tests for solutions.  - Application should use multithreading (keep in mind system limitations, you might need to control number of concurrent calls, e.g., use thread pool).  - Use std::filesystem  - Use GTest for Unit Tests  - As a bonus, you could also count words and letters and provide performance benchmarks (e.g., measure the impact of using the different number of threads).
# BRIEF DESCRIPTION
At the start of the application we have to choose a directory for research. You can input a path of the directory in the first line of main function. After that application starts to recursively browse all the directories searching for the readable files. Thread pool activates threads and keep them idle untill new tasks come from a queue. Number of directories and files are counted. If there is any readable file the task of counting its words, letters and lines is being enqueued. First task are binded to free thread. Thread process the task. When all tasks are done the results are printed. It prints the time of execution and all counted values.
# ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FROM AUTHOR:
Application is created in Visual Studio 2019 under Windows 10. All the examplary paths were formatted as it is required by Windows filesystem. Particularly it is related to use of backslash in contrary to Linux forward slash. Best regards, Piotr Markowicz.
